README.md, before:

# 👋 Victor Farazdagi • Distributed Systems Engineer

**Rust, Zig, Go • Distributed Systems • Blockchain Infrastructure**


🔨 Building distributed systems in Rust, or Zig, or Golang

🌐 Contributor to Ethereum ecosystem (Prysm, EVM implementations)

## <img src="zero.svg" alt="Zig!" weight="32" height="32" /> Active Projects

I’m currently working on [zevm](https://github.com/farazdagi/zevm) - a production-grade Ethereum Virtual Machine implementation in Zig.

## <img src="ferris.png" alt="Rust!" width="32" height="32" /> Published Rust Crates

| Crate | Description | Downloads |
|-------|-------------|-----------|
| [mpchash](https://crates.io/crates/mpchash) | Lock-free multi-probe consistent hashing | ![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/crates/d/mpchash) |
| [hash-iter](https://crates.io/crates/hash-iter) | Double hashing hash iterartor | ![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/crates/d/hash-iter) |
| [algorist](https://crates.io/crates/algorist) | Algorithmic toolset for competitive programming | ![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/crates/d/algorist) |


See all my crates at 🦀 [crates.io](https://crates.io/users/farazdagi?sort=downloads):

## <img src="zorro.svg" alt="Go!" width="32" height="32" /> Golang Contributions

| Project | Description | Commits |
|---------|-------------|---------|
| [Prysm](https://github.com/OffchainLabs/prysm) | Ethereum 2.0 consensus client (beacon chain)  | [![commits](https://img.shields.io/badge/commits-341-blue)](https://github.com/OffchainLabs/prysm/commits?author=farazdagi) |
| [Status](https://github.com/status-im/status-go) | Decentralized messaging platform & Ethereum wallet| [![commits](https://img.shields.io/badge/commits-137-blue)](https://github.com/status-im/status-go/commits?author=farazdagi) |


<!-- 
| [keyspace](https://crates.io/crates/keyspace) | Keyspace partitioning for distributed systems | ![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/crates/d/keyspace) |
| [evict](https://crates.io/crates/evict) | Cache eviction strategies (LRU, LRU-K, LIRS, SLRU) | ![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/crates/d/evict) |
| [hlc-gen](https://crates.io/crates/hlc-gen) | Lock-free Hybrid Logical Clock generator | ![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/crates/d/hlc-gen) |

---
📫 [farazdagi.com](https://farazdagi.com) • 🦀 [crates.io](https://crates.io/users/farazdagi?sort=downloads)

-->

Commit message:

Revise README for role and project updates
Updated personal information and project details in README.

README.md, after:

# 👋 Victor Farazdagi • Software Engineer

**Rust, Go, Zig • Distributed Systems • Blockchain Infrastructure**


🔨 Building distributed systems in Rust, or Go, or Zig

🌐 Contributor to Ethereum ecosystem (Prysm, EVM implementations)

## Active Projects

Working on an AI toolbox that enables me to be x10 more productive, while still enjoying the software engineering.

## <img src="ferris.png" alt="Rust!" width="32" height="32" /> Published Rust Crates

| Crate | Description | Downloads |
|-------|-------------|-----------|
| [mpchash](https://crates.io/crates/mpchash) | Lock-free multi-probe consistent hashing | ![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/crates/d/mpchash) |
| [hash-iter](https://crates.io/crates/hash-iter) | Double hashing hash iterartor | ![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/crates/d/hash-iter) |
| [algorist](https://crates.io/crates/algorist) | Algorithmic toolset for competitive programming | ![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/crates/d/algorist) |


See all my crates at 🦀 [crates.io](https://crates.io/users/farazdagi?sort=downloads):

## <img src="zorro.svg" alt="Go!" width="32" height="32" /> Golang Contributions

| Project | Description | Commits |
|---------|-------------|---------|
| [Prysm](https://github.com/OffchainLabs/prysm) | Ethereum 2.0 consensus client (beacon chain)  | [![commits](https://img.shields.io/badge/commits-341-blue)](https://github.com/OffchainLabs/prysm/commits?author=farazdagi) |
| [Status](https://github.com/status-im/status-go) | Decentralized messaging platform & Ethereum wallet| [![commits](https://img.shields.io/badge/commits-137-blue)](https://github.com/status-im/status-go/commits?author=farazdagi) |

## <img src="zero.svg" alt="Zig!" weight="32" height="32" /> Experiments

| Project | Description | Why? |
|-------|-------------|-----------|
| [zevm](https://github.com/farazdagi/zevm) | A production-grade EVM implementation in Zig. | Learning Zig |

<!-- 
| [keyspace](https://crates.io/crates/keyspace) | Keyspace partitioning for distributed systems | ![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/crates/d/keyspace) |
| [evict](https://crates.io/crates/evict) | Cache eviction strategies (LRU, LRU-K, LIRS, SLRU) | ![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/crates/d/evict) |
| [hlc-gen](https://crates.io/crates/hlc-gen) | Lock-free Hybrid Logical Clock generator | ![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/crates/d/hlc-gen) |

---
📫 [farazdagi.com](https://farazdagi.com) • 🦀 [crates.io](https://crates.io/users/farazdagi?sort=downloads)

-->
